Make framework.WALPrefix a local path (#137)
hashicorp/vault-plugin-auth-azure: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.16.2
IMPROVEMENTS:

>     * Made framework.WALPrefix a local path for Azure Auth [GH-137](https://github.com/hashicorp/vault-plugin-auth-azure/pull/137)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Prevent write-ahead-log data from being replicated to performance secondaries [GH-137](https://github.com/hashicorp/vault-plugin-auth-azure/pull/137)
```
